# AI2hackalong

This branch contains the solution to the third #django hackalong of AI2 2016. 

In this week, we will use a Message-oriented Middleware to implement a JAVA application which processes order 
messages generated by a django application. For this purpose we will be using Apache ActiveMQ, a MoM that complies 
to the Java Message Service standard. A working installation of ActiveMQ is contained in this repository, so 
ideally you won't have to install anything. However, since our order processing application is written in JAVA you 
will have to set up JDK 8 as well as the NetBeans IDE (if you are fine compiling and running the application on 
the command line you can skip the installation of NetBeans).

To test the example solution of this #hackalong, you can just follow these steps:

1.) Start the message broker process by opening a command line, changing to the directory `apache-activemq-5.13.2/bin` and running the command
	`activemq start`

2.) Open a browser and navigate to http://localhost:8161/admin/ to access the message broker administration.
	You can login with the default user 'admin' and the password 'admin' (change this quickly in any real scenario!)

3.) Click on the menu item `Queues` and create a new queue with the name `KITShop_OrderBook` (if it does not already exist)

4.) Start the KITshop django app as usual (i.e. either running `python manage runserver` on the command line or klicking 
	the play button in VisualStudio)

5.) Test the new "order function" of our web shop by navigating to http://localhost:8000/order/123/

6.) In the ActiveMQ interface, verify that there is a new queued message in the `OrderBook` queue. Note that our 
	customer was able to submit an order even though the order processing application is still offline!

7.) Now open the `KITShop_OrderProcessor` project in the repository in NetBeans. Compile and run the application and 
	verify that the JAVA order processor application receives and processes the order message!

